... the current situation or "what is" (A),
... what you want the situation to be or "what might or should be" (B), and
... a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be or "feedback designed to reduce the gap" (A -> B).


what do I want to learn or understand better?
A. The Monday exercise gave me better view of how Scrum works, actually seeing how the work is connected 
with the Trello. I also came to terms with a few details in our projekt, that I didn't know before.

B. Sure got a better view of it but I still want to be able to implement it in our work better. I need to grasp 
what my part (concrete) is in this project.

C. Meeting within the group to specify what every individual shall do will help. Look at the course material and 
try to think of it while working. 


how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
A. We haven't really started with anything new to learn so I still have my initial abilities 
from before this course.

B. If I can I will try my best to help if others struggle with something. 

C. Check-ups with everyone, what went well and what didn't. Does anyone need help?


what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
A. I've got a better idea of what it is and how to use it, though still a bit unsure with a few things, sprints 
and such.

B. Being able to implement it better in our project without having to look how to. That means that I should know it
like the back of my hand and not being lost. 

C. Look throught the course material. I guess tutorials on youtube always works, rather then just reading about it.


what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
A. I think my contribution in programming will be less than most of the others as I've studied programming less
than they have. 

B. I want to be more confident in my learning of what will be used in this project, I would be able to do my work
better and contribute better. 

C. Try not to feel inferior in terms of programming and just get handsy on those parts. 

